SPCTR-2470-fix: color not visible in backend and fontStyles issue of content in inline-notice block (#2809)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Fix: Global - Excluded BR Tags from buttons' text.
* Fix: Global - Cartflows templates throw an error in the editor's Spectra Page Settings.
* Fix: Global - Fonts was not loading on 404 page when Spectra blocks used in Astra theme's header/footer.

> * Fix: Inline-Notice - Content color not visible in backend and FontStyle not loading for Content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Inline Notice - Content color is not working in the backend.
* Fix: Inline Notice - Content typography is not working.
```

Author: Added as per suggestion
